README.md, before:

retina-screenshot-resizer
=========================

Automatic duplication and downsizing of the comically large MacBookPro Retina screenshots

___Notice:___ Your screenshots will no longer appear on your _Desktop_ after this.

Concept
-------

1. Change default screenshot location to ~/Pictures/Screenshots (because you don't want folder actions on your desktop)
2. Use the Automator actions seen below to put resized images in ~/Pictures/Screenshots/Downscaled

![AppleScript icon](https://raw.github.com/RichardBronosky/retina-screenshot-resizer/master/Downscale%20Screenshots.workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Preview.png)

Installation
------------

    # Do either of these methods to acquire the source:
    git clone https://github.com/RichardBronosky/retina-screenshot-resizer.git
    # ...or if you don't have git (are not a developer)...
    curl -o retina-screenshot-resizer.zip https://github.com/RichardBronosky/retina-    screenshot-resizer/archive/master.zip
    unzip retina-screenshot-resizer.zip

    # Run the install script
    retina-screenshot-resizer/INSTALL.sh

    # That's all there is to it.

Commit message:

Changed default behavior to be to work on Desktop (because Sara likes it that way).

README.md, after:

retina-screenshot-resizer
=========================

Automatic duplication and downsizing of the comically large MacBookPro Retina screenshots

![Automator Preview](https://raw.github.com/RichardBronosky/retina-screenshot-resizer/master/Downscale%20Screenshots.workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Preview.png)

Installation
------------

Just double-click the…

![Automator Icon](http://i.imgur.com/hRLT1BA.png)Downscale Screenshots

…file.

It will prompt you to Install or Open.

![Open Dialog](http://i.imgur.com/buPjoqC.png)

If you choose Install it will then process all Screenshots that land on the Desktop. 

Bonus
-----
If you do not like having drop shadows applied to the window screenshots you take (accomplished via CMD+Shift+4 then Spacebar) you can disable them via the Terminal with:

    defaults write com.apple.screencapture disable-shadow -bool true
    killall SystemUIServer

- - -

If you would like to change the location where your screenshots are saved, create a folder like `$HOME/Pictures/Screenshots` then change the configuration via the Terminal with:

    defaults write com.apple.screencapture location ~/Pictures/Screenshots/
    killall SystemUIServer

You then have to Choose the "Open with Automator" button from the dialog shown above. Then change the "Folder Action receives files and folders added to `Desktop`" to what ever location you chose.
